I know many girls charge more for short session than longer ones, for instance, $200 for 30 minutes and $300 for an hour, but I didn't, because, to be honest, a 15 minutes session is just as good as a 60 minutes booking. Come, cum and go in 15 minutes feels like I'm doing CrossFit or HIIT yet it can feed me 5 times of banana blossom and 10 times of chatime so how can I not like it. 

I'm not gonna lie here, An hour booking is still a priority for me. I only use 15 minutes when I don't feel like full-on working, but I still want ubereats for dinner. I don't want to vacuum, mob, and use my exclusive Aesop incense stick, or having another shower, shaving armpits and blow-dry my hair for just $100, you know.

At this point I got too comfortable with some 15 minutes customers, so I even offered one if he could come everyday for $690($10 off for s3xcription) a week, but I don't think he liked the idea anyway. 

The other one, an Indian looking man in his 4-50s who self-claimed to be Fijian(but in other reviews, he's appeared to be of Maori cross or Kiwi breed so who knows what now) has been seeing me I guess a few times by now. I freaked out every time he stood up on my fragile metal frame bed because seriously with his massive 0.1t beer gut, there's no time left for my cheap bed, it's already so weak okay, plus, idk why but my dog never liked him almost like he's the worst enemy so the man even brought a cheap dog treat but you know, I feed my dog only the best even though I eat shinramen-cups. So it did not work. Despite all of those above I still couldn't give up on him because he cums so quick! The actual in and out probably lasts less than 5 minutes, it's... irresistible. Anyway, right now I'm having a mild PTSD while writing this. HE DID NOT PAY $100 the last night and run. I don't think he did this on purpose though, he talks about how good smoking weeds everyday is so I guess he's a bong-head which explains his short-term memory losses.

It's partially my fault too, I rushed too much to break my record on how quickly it can be done, so I forgot about $100,00 So who do I blame? Kek but the 15-session will still give me a mild headache, so I won't do it anymore for the sake of my better mental health. You can blame that guy for it if you planned 15s. I wish nothing but the best for him and hope this $100 brings him a lot of joy in his life. However as a warning to other girls, I posted his mugshot on my blog(https://juleslovesyou.github.io), so if you have any sex worker friends, please spread your kindness by showing them his photo.

Okayyy enough for today. thanks for reading byee

2023-11-11 
$100 was finally paid after 10 days. Consequently, I removed his takoyaki face from the front page because the criminal has sought legal advice and possesses enough evidence to prompt police inquiries into extortion and revenge porn laws. omgg I am so scared >_<